Jen: Worries I'm trying to figure out how to take it off of like seeing both of us to just see oh speaker view. Maybe that's it. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think while your website. You don't want to see my Chester. Yeah.
Well,
Jen: Whatever you would like I am fine.
Jen: I would rather see your face and your lovely Nicholas. Oh, yay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Connection with face to face contact, you know,
Jen: Definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: What am I doing I'm splitting my attention from here to going and not start a note up here.
Gwenevere Abriel: At this standing desk, which is amazing, but it just kept on a surface area.
Jen: Is it one of those desks that you press a button and it goes up and down.
Jen: Those are so rad. My friend has one
Jen: Now that I'm doing all Tele health I'm considering getting one just because
Jen: You know it, then I can
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can be moving your
Gwenevere Abriel: You could use your slate.
Gwenevere Abriel: Working your lower back.
Jen: On a ball or something. No. Totally. Well, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going, going, going, yeah. And then whenever I want to do like breath work. I'm right here. I mean, I think.
Jen: That's so awesome.
Gwenevere Abriel: Highly recommend it. It was a good investment, but I just felt, cried the price was not
Jen: Yet totally
Gwenevere Abriel: not conducive to my income.
Jen: My friends, was I know her. She was over two grand but
Gwenevere Abriel: Well then, I can tell you mine was not that. And there, there is something you can get mines white and gorgeous and
Gwenevere Abriel: All you
Gwenevere Abriel: Press. It's hydraulic. It's amazing.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you press on the right. And I just do this.
Jen: And it just like God.
Jen: Was like, that was awesome.
Jen: I just was like, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I won't get a sense of it here. If you ever wanted what it is I can make that available to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Definitely. That was smart. So I like it. Alright, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Too much stimuli on my desktop here.
Jen: Where I wanted to show you the mask that my friend made me
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh. And it's so cute, too.
Jen: Adorable. I always like I have a whole new like fashion and like
Jen: Right, it's all around masks.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I was thinking about that too. And I'm like, people could really be making a killing right now with this if they made them cute like I would have like an Iron Man mass with a little thing in the front or whatever.
Jen: That's brilliant.
Gwenevere Abriel: actors out there that have masks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, or blaming or little statements like you could Velcro.
Gwenevere Abriel: So cool. Right. You could Velcro how you're feeling there.
Jen: Oh my god, I love that. That's brilliant.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm telling you people you
Gwenevere Abriel: Can make a profit off.
Gwenevere Abriel: And say, nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Off people's misery, but you get my point.
Jen: Oh, I do. Yeah.
Jen: What are we so nice because like, since I have asthma all of my like friends. I have a lot of like nurse friends and teacher FRIENDS. EVERYTHING. So they've reached out to me and been like, I've made you a mask. So I have like eight
Jen: All on their way to me. But this is what I have now. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I liked hearing. I don't know if you were there that day that they had a nurse practitioner practitioner in
Jen: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: She was saying, Go get a painter's
Gwenevere Abriel: overalls, and they have some sort of filter in some must be in the chest or somewhere. I don't know where
Gwenevere Abriel: It out. I could create your own mask. And I was like, that's cool, like from Home Depot.
Jen: Oh, cool. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, none of them are going to be as cute as yours, but
Gwenevere Abriel: That's your burden.
Jen: My burden my cross to bear true
Jen: True.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, here we go. I think I'm starting to figure out what I'm doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I could tight so let's just see where
Gwenevere Abriel: We left off for
Gwenevere Abriel: Me, I'm off to the side. I'm not going to do this for long, because obviously I'm no you're
Jen: Fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: center screen here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm be I wouldn't mind checking in on how you're doing on refined sugar intake. I don't think I asked about that last time.
Jen: It's interesting because with
Jen: The quarantine. It definitely makes it a parent's
Jen: How often, I would buy sugar and that information was never seen by anyone but myself because I would buy it. I would either that work.
Jen: Even if I ate it at home, I would bring home like a box that had like a few left in it. Um, so I would say that
Jen: It's definitely less than it used to be, because I do not have the kind of access that I used to have.
Jen: And so I have to be really mindful of it and also mindful of the fact that, like everything I buy is coming through the front door and being monitored not monitored, but someone else will see it.
Jen: And
Jen: Also everything that comes through the house. We clean
Jen: We actually saw this amazing video on YouTube that this doctor put together about how to bring in your groceries and Takeout food.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, be curious about that one.
Jen: Oh god, it was so helpful because we had cut out Takeout food. Because we were just like, it seems like a risk, but
Jen: It was so awesome. He was like, if you stick to things that are hot.
Jen: And when you bring them in, you immediately dumped them on to a place that is clean dispose of the packaging wash that hands.
Jen: And then put it into the microwave until it steams
Microwave
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Wait, my family will thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't understand why we can't have pizza.
Jen: They totally
Gwenevere Abriel: Here and that's why
Jen: Well apparently pizzas are actually the best because they get heated up very, very hot and then after that, they usually are not touched by human hands again.
Jen: The only thing is that then they go into a cardboard box and you don't know
Jen: But you can take it out and put it on a plate, and then he did up
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I like that heat up thing.
Jen: The heat up thing.
Jen: That I'd like to change my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, if they're willing to tolerate that reheated crust.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly, yeah.
Jen: So I was super happy about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Made some friends over here and
Jen: So yeah, I feel like my my sugar intake has reduced drastically because
Jen: It's sort of like in this new world we're living in.
Jen: The things that come in. I guess I'm just thinking of things in much more utilitarian terms.
Jen: Because it's sort of like what do we have that we need
Jen: And
Jen: No one ever needs refined sugar, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not how I do my ordering
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Feels like I need that.
Jen: No. Totally. And to be honest, I mean, I'm still good stuff. Um,
Jen: But it's interesting. Like, I'm like, I made putting
Jen: Because we had because we had ordered half a gallon of milk.
Jen: But they didn't have half a gallon. So they got us a gallon, which was not my preference, because we don't go through cow milk, very, very quickly. So I was like fuck all this milk, and I don't want it to go bad. And I don't want to waste it. So I made like lemon pudding.
Jen: So that was like our dessert for like a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: And having someone see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of puts in perspective, is this something I would do or say if someone was around. I got to check myself what am I really doing
Jen: Yeah, yeah, it's
Interesting.
Jen: Well, and it's interesting too because I realized that like like as a child I started dinging
Jen: Not realizing that I was mimicking my mother, who was binging and purging but my mother was keeping the purging from me, but not the bingeing so I just got the bingeing so I kind of joke that I mean I'm really glad that I didn't get the purchase.
Jen: If I had to get one. At least it's one that I can more easily control and
Jen: But I mean, I remember like hiding behind doorways with like a tub of frosting like as a child.
Jen: And so it was interesting, realizing how many of like those habits got carried on into my adulthood without me thinking about it like even like if I'm not, I'm not eating a tub of frosting anymore. I'm not a tub, but
Jen: I my like have things that work and eat them behind a closed door, not in front of plants or peers or anything, but just by myself. Specifically, and like not realize in the moment that that's what I'm doing.
Jen: Whereas now, I feel very much in touch with what I'm eating and I'm eating so much less because honestly like I'm just not doing as much. And so my body requires less and realizing like that. There are times when I really want to eat because it's part of my habitual routine right
Gwenevere Abriel: So this continues to be an important goal. It's not. I mean, it may on the surface look simple but you know for many people foods are first addiction.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, the first love affair.
Gwenevere Abriel: Complete sugar.
Jen: Ah, do
Gwenevere Abriel: Or maybe it's fried chicken or something, you know,
Jen: Oh yeah, totally.
Jen: And it's hard because you can't cut it out completely. You do need it to survive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think you would know when you're eating.
Gwenevere Abriel: To fuel versus emotionally. Do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Because they know it's a routine. It can be habitual. Do you know when you're doing it.
Jen: I think I know more
Jen: Now, if that makes sense. What's interesting is that like I i am even as you were talking, are you eating for fuel and I can't remember.
Jen: When this happened or where I would read it, or where I, you know, saw a TED talk or something about it. But someone was saying like, Do you even know how it feels to be hungry.
Jen: Because many people don't like because we eat so continuously individually that sometimes people don't even know what it feels like to be hungry.
Jen: And so it was awesome, because it very much taught me to like go without food, until I was certain. I was hungry. And so, I realized that like some of the tells that I am hungry or that like I feel like the slightly bit nauseated.
Jen: I feel
Jen: Sort of like a churning in my belly and I'm used to. And I usually start to get cranky and irrational, but like knowing like that. Those are triggers telling me that I am hungry.
Jen: Actually took me a while to understand them figure out
Gwenevere Abriel: How are your relationships. These days where you and your husband know you know
Jen: That's so funny. I mean, not to try and cover it with humor.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Jen: My husband and I are good, but he sent me the funniest meme yesterday that said my wife and I play this fun game during quarantine. It's called, why are you doing it that way. And there are no winners.
Gwenevere Abriel: No one wins with a why question. It's just going to go badly.
Jen: And the whole, why are you doing it that way. Oh god.
Jen: Yeah. And so, like, I think that we have gotten on each other's nerves pretty much on a daily basis. I mean, it literally just happened this morning.
Jen: Because when I picked up my Wonder Woman mask. I picked up one for him as well.
Jen: When I bought them. And he was like, we should wash them. And I was like, good idea. So like hand wash them very hot, soapy water.
Jen: And then I let I laid them in the sun too dry and then I put them each in Ziploc bags and his end. Both of them were kind of damn coordinate went in.
Jen: And it didn't strike me as being a big deal. But then he told me he was like, by the way, the mask was damn. I was like, Oh, sorry. And he was like, what, why did you do that. And I was like,
Jen: I didn't think it was too damn so I figured it would continue to dry. And he was like, but do you understand that when you put something in a Ziploc bag it proceeds to develop more condensation and actually gets more and I was like,
Jen: I wasn't thinking about it. I'm really sorry not going to do it again. I know it was just like, no. But do you understand that when you put something in a ziplock and I was like, Nope, I don't understand it, you're married to a fucking idiot.
Jen: And that's how we ended.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need you to say it slower because I feel like a 10 year old and I want to be like a five year old.
Gwenevere Abriel: How did you feel
Oh,
Jen: Five.
Jen: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: The rage.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of insult. I'm not
Jen: No totally
Gwenevere Abriel: Time to put the mask on.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll talk to you with my mask on.
Jen: Areas.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh, yeah, see. So those why questions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you even know. Do you even know. I mean, right, you're trained in it. We still, it doesn't matter. We still get activated the same way emotionally hijacked get ourselves insulted, but
Gwenevere Abriel: What did he fail to do
Gwenevere Abriel: He showed you something instead of telling you something.
Yes.
Jen: Which is something I do constantly
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Totally
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, well, you guys have a neat thing. I wonder if you could take that that style.
Jen: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And turn it
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you did that one thing where you're like, Hey, you play my side, you'd have to have a lot it for you guys to hold that off. I was impressed you can fold out
Gwenevere Abriel: People could do that because the whole point is they don't have a capacity sit with others in their busy being right but if you can see that you're doing that, like in that moment, if he was doing that, you're like okay this is some movie.
Gwenevere Abriel: So book can try it. Okay. You're trying to show me something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, right. It's a guessing raids and the Sri it's feeling charades.
Is it
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it that one. Honey, is it
Jen: Right, or is it
Is it
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you show me how you feel me see. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How you know and making it into a game somehow
Jen: No totally
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's going to happen anyway you know
Jen: What that's a good point.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you have the skill you guys have all these really cool things.
Jen: See, and that's what's funny is
Jen: Is in those moments like you can have like all the skills and you'd like lose it.
Jen: It's so funny because a lot of my clients will say to me, they're like you just seem like you have it all together. Do you ever have like a bad moment with someone and I'm like, Oh, honey.
Jen: What do I beer.
Jen: Not literally, but
Jen: Yeah. It's funny, I don't, sorry. Go ahead.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Just, just thinking about how
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's how we can relate right that's the upside of is it. That's how I can name it.
Jen: Walk.
Gwenevere Abriel: Through do the chain analysis of it. I can walk through because I've walked those coals, I've
Jen: Was so we
Gwenevere Abriel: Were getting on each other's nerves on a daily
Jen: Yeah, definitely. Definitely on a daily, I would say that my relationships outside of that I'm
Jen: A pretty good. I actually
Jen: I was joking with my brother recently that it's it's nice not to
Jen: Feel like you have to make plans with anyone.
Jen: That
Jen: That you later will be like, Oh, I wish I hadn't made those plans. I just don't want to do that.
Jen: Now, there are no pins to be made, except for meetings over zoom
Jen: And so I actually did that.
Jen: For the first time, with a group of friends who I have not seen like the four of us have not hung out together.
Jen: In over 20 years
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I love it, and you did a ladies.
Jen: Night did it was two women to men. Yeah. But yeah, the four of us like got together and
Jen: We all learned how to play guitar and wrote songs together. And so we like whipped out the guitar and did a little playing and singing and
Jen: We talked for like 90 minutes and caught up and two of us have kids now and
Jen: Yeah, and we were all in different time zones, it was hilarious.
Jen: One meet one in
Jen: Washington me here, one in Chicago and the one in New York, it was hilarious.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, what's interesting about your particular composition is y'all knew each other. I tried it with new people.
Jen: And when
Gwenevere Abriel: He
Now I will say,
Gwenevere Abriel: That I am a rescuer for so I got in there because I know group. And I'm like, yeah, so there's no central topic.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no
Gwenevere Abriel: Groundwork so they were starting to, well, what do you do for a living. And I was like, well, I'm like, I want to play.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your all you know I you know I know I play
Jen: Right yeah I
Gwenevere Abriel: Can do it, I was like, okay, looky here, here's the topic we're going to discuss. I ended up like taking over.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: We're able to kind of have a central thing to sort of focus on, but I didn't want. I didn't really want that. But I see that the dynamics that would typically the dinner table is I'm going to turn this way. And I'm going to chit chat here.
Gwenevere Abriel: On the way we join
Gwenevere Abriel: But we don't have that flow because yeah probably hear each other. Well, when you cross talk. So it did need more structure. So I was thinking if I were to do it again, certainly with people that don't know each other, be more like book club or
Gwenevere Abriel: Or yeah, you know what I mean, like, where there's a topic we already know kind of what will be responding to an a collective mind on whatever it was my first time years what so much better. You hadn't music and friendship.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this around.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the people that normally I'd make fun of like I couldn't make fun of that person because it is there, you know, it's like, I can't. No, I'm kidding.
Jen: That's so hard. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Jen: Like one of my favorite things about meetings. Is that like I have my people like we sit in a group and we basically are very caddy and say things under our breath.
Jen: You know won't be like, Oh, that's a great idea.
Jen: Yes.
Jen: Yeah, it's funny. I don't know if you've ever experienced this, but I do a lot of couples work and so um I've had this happen twice now where my couples.
Jen: Are in front of me and we're doing couples work and they like have a sidebar is how I say it because I can't hear what they're saying like will be in in therapy and all of a sudden, they're like,
Jen: Oh, money.
Jen: And I'm like,
Jen: What's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I haven't had it that way. But what I do is I
Gwenevere Abriel: I had couples work where they're in separate rooms and separate zoom
Jen: And just, I just did that for the very first time.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's nice. That gets in a distance.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I would i'll do is i'll say I call I name the gossiping, because it to do some role play right in front of someone to process and I'll say
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's gossip. Okay. So you're thinking this, you're feeling this way. How do you want to say it to her. Okay. Well, say it to me first. Right. I would use this skill. Okay, now turn to her and do it. So I caught I it's a call it gossiping to be
Gwenevere Abriel: really lets you and I. Quick do individual quick skill bill review building and review. Okay.
Jen: Now it's back into it.
Jen: Yeah.
Jen: Oh, I love that.
Gwenevere Abriel: To see it like they get to hear the real stuff they're listening so they hear it twice, and it's kind of
Jen: Way.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I gotta for a second.
Jen: And I love that. I'm so ceiling that
Gwenevere Abriel: Totally. Totally. I'm trying to also get back up on my Big Mac to see if I can be
Gwenevere Abriel: Better
Jen: Like you you especially if you're used to that computer. It sucks to have to go to the other one.
Jen: That's another interesting thing is that we only have one computer at the home and now both my husband I are working from home. And so it's this morning he woke up very early because he knew that I needed the computer from nine until 6pm
Jen: And so, um, yeah. And I was like, I can't use my phone. It's really not a big deal. But he's been very kind, as far as like letting me have it since I'm used to having it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's touch base on some other other areas, you had a big change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Around the work setting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you doing around that history how fresh, is it still intruding into your emotional life.
Jen: You know, it's interesting. I'm, I'm still in pretty close contact with one of the therapist who still there. It was my closest friend there Nadia is her name.
Jen: And she actually just reached out yesterday I was talking about tele health
Jen: And she asked me how I was doing. And I was like, you know, I think I'm getting to a place
Jen: Where God, how did I put it. I really liked the verbiage I used
Jen: I said, I've let go of the negative terms on which I left. And I'm feeling so good about working with me again.
Jen: So my my new boss, as she puts it, she's like, I'm not your boss. I'm clearing house, your, your boss, because she lets me operate as if in private practice and she's just doing the billing um
Jen: And but she's just so kind and sharp and just like in the way that she communicates and everything. I'm not sure if I had told you this last time. But when I worked for her before I had to wait until the insurance companies paid her before I got paid. I did this last night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, she gives
Gwenevere Abriel: She was
Jen: Amazing. And so I i and I'm making so much more money.
Jen: Which is crazy to be saying that right now. Specifically, but but because she's paying me more.
Jen: I have new clients coming in every week. I have a waiting list now because I was like, I can't do any more 30 bills in a week is definitely where I start to like become crazy
Jen: So I was like, I'm keeping it at that. But even that is like such a gift like I just feel so happy and like every time I interact with her like
Jen: I remember when I would get emails from Damien. And I would immediately feel like a sense of like consternation.
Jen: And I feel that with her like she just sent me this great email this morning that was like, hey, I don't know about you, but I'm finding that Tele health actually like makes me feel more tired.
Jen: And I just found this great like three minute video that talks about why. And so she sent it to me and like or other therapists are joining Telehealth and it was just she's very like that she's thinking about these things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now this is a good fit. You are independent. You, you have all you know all the brain work and you don't, you're not. I mean, I think you're a good good candidate for an independent
Gwenevere Abriel: Person.
Jen: Well, what's cool is, I don't know if I told you this already, but she's helping me become totally
Jen: On my own by September 1
Jen: That's neat. It is. It feels good.
Jen: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So letting go there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any of the the cravings that come up around pain around negative self appraisal. Any other triggers going on.
Jen: Pain.
Jen: Definitely I'm having such an awful.
Jen: Sigh advocate for up in my right hip.
Jen: And like I cannot walk more than I guess like 20 feet without it. Just like overwhelming.
Jen: And as long as, like, I sit or lie down and a specific
Jen: Way, then it doesn't hurt. But yeah, that has been difficult.
Jen: It has definitely
Jen: made me want to, we're not made me want to, but I've wanted to medicate more as a result.
Gwenevere Abriel: Through with it.
Jen: I have definitely been a medicating more THC wise but eventually I just stopped because it wasn't helping like I was, I think it was it 200 milligrams
Jen: Of edibles yesterday and
Jen: It just wasn't making anything different. So I was like, well, there's really no reason to keep doing this.
Jen: And so I've been doing Tiger Balm Epsom salt bath stretchy stretches
Jen: As my husband likes to call them.
Jen: What do you stretch your gestures.
Jen: And then just deep massage. I have it an s massager.
Jen: Yeah. And then I also have
Jen: Were you looking at something
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh well, because I'm typing on my Mac and this show. It's totally awkward. I'm wondering if we can
So that
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Showing up more present
Jen: Oh, you're fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to see. So here's what happened. Let's see if I can log out of here. It doesn't want to be in two places. I can tell it's getting
Gwenevere Abriel: Worse. So if I log out here and I log in on my my big mac I just shut down restarted and I'm hoping that it doesn't make me upgrade over here, because that's what caused this whole kerfuffle to begin with.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I'll just open up another meeting, but it should be over here, worst case.
Jen: Probably will just start to
Gwenevere Abriel: Come right back.
Jen: So should I go ahead and sign out and then come back in like two minutes. Cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Not even two minutes 20 seconds.
Jen: Awesome. Okay.